Update documentation (#238)
scale-it/algorand-builder: examples/README.md

the following positions in the latter file:

+ `master-account`: must be an account with some ALGOs - it will be used for deployment and for activating / funding other accounts.

### Examples Description

> - [asa](./asa) - This `javascript` project shows how to create Algorand Standard Asset (ASA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [asa](./asa) - This `javascript` project demonstrates how to create and manage Algorand Standard Assets (ASA).
```

> - [crowdfunding](./crowdfunding) - This `javascript` project demonstrates how to create a Crowdfunding Stateful Smart Contract Application. It's based on a [tutorial](https://developer.algorand.org/solutions/

Reviewer: Is the link here correct?

- [multisig](./multisig) - This `javascript` example demonstrates authorizing transactions based on logic signature signed by multiple accounts.
- [nft](./nft) - Non-Fungible-Token Example using stateful TEAL in `javascript`. In this example, we create a new non-fungible-token represented by a name and a ref.

> - [permissioned-voting](./permissioned-voting) -  This `javascript` project demonstrates how to create a Permissioned Voting Stateful Smart Contract Application.

Reviewer: Please also add link to tutorial here

Original tutorial can be found [here](https://developer.algorand.org/solutions/example-permissioned-voting-stateful-smart-contract-application/)

> - [ref-templates](./ref-templates) - The goal of this project is to present how to work with ASC in `algob` using the best practices and templates using the Algorand reference templates.This is a `javascript` project.

Reviewer: I think except `htlc` all projects are `js` projects. Can we list them in separate subsections? 
(`# Javascript [projects..], # Typescript [projects..]`)

Author: i don't have preference. can separate as well ?

Reviewer: We are repeatedly using `this is javascript project` in these points, so i thought having separate section could be better. I don't have a strong preference, we can keep this as well.

Reviewer 2: How about using a tag? I will be more readable. We can do it like this:

- [JS] [permissioned-voting](./permissioned-voting) - project that demonstrates how to create a Permissioned Voting Stateful Smart Contract Application.
- [JS] [link](link) - other project description
- [TS] [link](link) - other project description

Author: yes

- [signed-txn](./signed-txn) - This example demonstrates executing a serialized transaction loaded directly from a file. A user can create a transaction and sign it (using `goal`) and send it to someone else to execute it. This is a `javascript` project.
- [htlc](./htlc-pyteal-ts) - Hash-Time-Lock-Contract Example in `typescript` using PyTeal.
This is a `typescript` project therefore it requires a compilation to `js` files.

> In this project we are transpiling the files in `js` and then using them with `algob`.

Reviewer: In the above point we are using `compiling`, and here we are using `transpiling`. Can we use same methodology throughout? Also, not sure but it seems this line is similar to the previous one.

Author: ok, changing to transpiling, they seem different to me.
